Leona: What?
You want to join
Dai's party?
With this most recent battle's
failure, we both saw...
we realize we still
have much to learn.
Yes, we wish to join them.
So that we can
hone our skills.
Amy: Both of you - wait!
I believe that I should
go with Dai and his friends!
Amy - you wanna go, too?
No, I will not allow it.
I will join them.
It just makes sense!
Amy: Hey!
That's not fair, Apollo.
Marin: She's right!
Apollo: How is it not fair?
Amy: What gives you the right?
Apollo: In these matters...
What a handful.
Just stop it, alright?
All three of you!
You have a responsibility to
protect Papnica Kingdom!
Besides, you won't need to.
I'm the one... joining Dai.
All: What?!
What was that?
Did you just say?
Huh? Oh, uh, nothing.
[awkward laughing]
Leona, can we talk?
It won't take very long.
What is it, Dai?
Leona: A new weapon?
Dai: This Steel Broadsword
is on its last legs.
Leona: Then we're off
to Bengarna Kingdom.
They have the best
department store out there.
What's that?
You don't know?
It's a gigantic building...
that's filled with every
store you can imagine!
As big as... an inn?
Don't be silly.
As big as... a castle!
Whoa!
My father took me there one time
when I was just a little girl.
It was bigger than any
store I'd ever seen,
and they had everything!
Dai: Sounds great!
So, uh... You wanna go?
Mhmm! Yeah!
[chuckling]
Now you're talking!
Popp: Hmm. I think
it was like this.
Matoriv [thought]:
Th... This is...
Popp: Mentor?
Matoriv [thought]: There's no
mistake. It's the Dragon Crest.
But if he really
is a Dragon Knight...
Avan... your student is
far more than you knew!
Mentor;
you know something about
Dai's mark, don't you?
Matoriv: My mistake.
You mentioned... you'll be
leaving soon with Dai?
Uh, yeah. Is... that alright?
I guess I'm still in training.
[coughing]
Go on, then.
Consider these a gift.
Namely, the Sorcerer Cape and
the Shining Staff that
I used in my journeys...
when I was young.
And this.
You have to be there.
For your friend.
You'll see. Before long,
it'll happen.
He's going to hit
a major wall.
Not as a Hero,
but as a person.
When that time comes,
you have to support him.
Understood?
I-
Sure.
Gotta say, he was awfully
nice today. Wasn't he?
[excited chuckle]
These seem pretty cool.
But, uh... Well, ah...
This thing's kind of ugly.
Guard: Emergency!
The balloon on the roof-
What the-!?
Baduck: Oh no!
Princess?!
And Dai, too?
A Snooze Spell!
They've all been put
into a deep sleep!
Baduck: Princess! Come back!
Sorry, everyone!
And don't worry, we're
going to be right back!
She always does this...
I turn my back
for a moment...
And she sneaks away.
I suppose, that could mean...
a small amount of peace
has returned to Papnica.
And anyway, Dai's with her.
They should be fine,
for a few days.
Marin: Honestly? After
telling us we can't go...
Leona... you sure?
I mean... Isn't this
sort of like stealing?
It's not stealing!
This thing belongs
to the royal family.
So it's mine for the taking!
I guess so...
Hey, that's right.
Shouldn't we have really
invited Popp along, with us?
Uh, Popp?
Oh, right, that Mage
friend of yours.
But, I don't know...
He seems a little flakey.
He's the kind of guy that
needs a bit more experience.
The kind where you really
have to put the work in.
Popp [thought]:
Why, that little...
Dai: He's a lot more
reliable than he looks.
Oh?
Leona: Really? He strikes
me as the type who
runs away at even the
slightest whiff of danger.
[fuming]
Ya think?! And who asked you?
Leona: Oh, you're here.
It's not like I was
hoping to enjoy a nice,
little adventure with
Dai alone, or anything.
[fuming]
[awkward chuckle]
Bengarna...
It's considered the safest
country in the world.
Thanks to its superior
military and industry,
it's kept the
Dark Army at bay
with an abundance of
resources and weapons,
all backed by the world's
greatest economy.
Let's go!
[excited laughter]
Leona: Go! Go!
Hey! Will you slow down
a little? Seriously!
What's the problem?
This is nothing!
What's gotten into her?!
[laughing]
It's... not a big deal.
I'm... actually a
little bit relieved.
What?!
When she's back
home in Papnica,
Leona has to be a strong
leader for everyone.
So she seemed a
little distant...
But now she's way more
lively and like herself.
So, what?
Are we just here
as her stress relief?
I mean, come on!
Popp: There's a castle!
Nuh-uh. That's not
a castle. Trust me.
Go!
Dai: Okay, Leona-
this is too fast!
Popp: So this is
a department store?
It's so huge! Is it
really all full of shops?
Leona: You bet. I'll show you!
This is amazing.
It's way bigger than
your usual weapon store.
Leona: You can't
come here without
checking out the basement!
Both: Wait up!
What is this room?
There's nothing in here!
Oh, no - we're trapped!
Popp: The room is falling!
-[panicked cries]
-Leona: Calm down.
It's called an elevator,
and it takes you to each floor.
There's all kinds of
herbs and seeds...
Unlike any I've seen!
Leona: Two Slime Buns and
one Slime Tapioca please.
Sure thing. That'll
be... ten gold even.
Leona: Here.
Are Slimes really safe to eat?
It's not a real one, silly.
It's just a snack that's
shaped like a Slime.
Huh? There's something
inside this thing...
Congratulations!
You just found a... Mini Medal!
What does this
thing actually... do?
It's super
high-quality Horse Manure!
It's so bright, I can't see!
Such luxury!
It really does make the
department store experience.
Young man? Young man!
Huh? Me?
That's a nice buckle there.
Seriously? I mean,
isn't it ugly?
See? Look at that face.
No, it's a wonderful buckle.
I'll pay you five
hundred gold for it.
Five hundred gold?
Are you serious?!
Man: Having a little trouble?
It won't come off.
Man: Then it's
definitely cursed.
Salesman: Sirs!
See my latest product!
Both attack and defense in
this all-purpose helmet!
I call it...
The Blockhead Basher.
You know you want one!
No way.
Nuh-uh..
Buy now, and I'll even...
throw in another for free!
'Kay. Let's go.
Right.
Why... don't these sell?
Dai: Wow. This is so cool!
Dai: Wow!
Dai: Awesome!
Dai: Whoa!
Thirty-eight hundred gold?!
I guess I shouldn't
have touched it.
Oh, hey, Dai?
Feel free to buy anything
under five thousand gold.
Metals and textiles
from Papnica.
They always sell
for quite a lot.
So... If I sell
these dresses...
We'll get twenty to
thirty thousand gold.
She's a real princess, huh?
"CHANGING ROOMS"
Leona: Hey. How about this?
Are you kidding?
What kind of Sage...
dresses like that?
How about...
Meow!
Hey! Quit messing
around, would you?!
Come on. This actually
has pretty high defense.
So, Popp. What about you?
Popp: I'm good.
I got a new weapon
and a cape already.
You pick something.
In that case...
Right there!
Okay! This will have to do.
[cackling]
Uh, do they have one...
a little more your size?
It's fine.
I'll... get used to it!
Leona: Okay, let's
find Dai a new weapon.
[wobbling cries]
[falling grunts]
You know, I don't
feel very protected...
[dismayed chirps]
Leona: Oh, what's that?
A Dragonsbane!
Huh? The famous weapon?
Leona: Yes.
It can pierce
a dragon's hide,
which is said to
be harder than steel.
It's a top-quality blade.
But expensive, right? Huh?
Hang on.
There's no price on it.
My friends, since this is
our only piece of its kind,
it will be put on auction.
An auction.
Get real.
These things always go for
over fifteen thousand gold.
What'll you buy it with?
Mommy's allowance?
[chucking]
Come here, you two!
Leona: Dai, Popp;
let's buy that Dragonsbane!
Are you serious?!
I have sixteen thousand
gold right here.
Don't even bother!
Using weapons more
powerful than you are?
Don't waste your money
like one of those
ridiculous fools.
They're not really strong.
They're just pretending.
Are you...
You talking about us?
Who else is there, chump?
Both: Why, you...
Grandmother. That's enough.
Please, forgive us.
Grandmother has no manners.
Nabara: I just call
them as I see them.
So who were they?
They looked kinda like Seers.
Yeah.
And the younger one
was a cutie-patootie,
wouldn't you say?
Leona: No, I wouldn't.
This country's finished.
All that's advanced
is it's appearance.
What is it, Merle?
Merle: Grandmother,
something's coming.
Several beings with
terrifying power...
Monsters!
What was that? I haven't
sensed anything yet.
My, Merle, you're
truly developing
a sensitivity to the
abilities of our bloodline!
They're close.
I can feel it!
What is that?!
[frightened yells]
A Hydra!
F-Fire! Fire!
Our cannons aren't working!
Just how tough is its hide?
Mr. Gopple:
Seventeen thousand!
Leona: Seventeen
thousand, five hundred!
Mr. Gopple:
Eighteen thousand!
Hey, I think that's enough
now, Princess. Come on.
We're already two thousand
gold over our limit.
If no one else bids...
that's it!
[giggling]
I've got this.
We're fine. Nineteen thou-
And it's sold!
Today's feature item,
the Dragonsbane, goes to...
The merchant, Mr. Gopple,
for the whopping price of
eighteen thousand gold!
[cheering]
[annoyed sigh]
What are you doing, Gomechan?!
Leona, it's no big deal!
I'll just use
a normal weapon.
I can still fight without it.
Dai; That's not it.
Watching those goons just
walk away with that sword...
I can't stand it.
It would be better put
to use in our hands!
[worried cries]
W-What's this?
Man: Look at that!
It looks like...
An army of dragons?!
Leona: I see one Hydra, and...
One, two, three, four, five...
Five dragons!
That's not good.
Do you think... that's the
Dark Army's Dragon Legion?
Hey, Gopple!
You bought the
Dragonsbane, right?
Go use it to drive them off!
Don't be ridiculous!
I bought this thing to
make money, not to use!
Pathetic.
But having said that,
with this many Dragons,
we might be in a
little over our heads.
Uh-huh.
[trembling]
Leona: I think...
We should fight!
It's our duty. The timing
of this attack...
Those dragons could
have come here for us.
Either way, we should try
to buy a little time,
so that the people
of the city can escape!
Popp [thought]: She wants
to protect the people.
Okay!
You've changed
my mind about you,
Princess.
It seems like
true leaders really do
prove themselves in
the heat of the moment.
Is that so?
My opinion of you
hasn't changed, yet.
Watch me.
Dai, all the dragons...
I can take care of them.
You take care of the big guy.
Right!
And Princess, you evacuate
the people in this building.
I got it!
Everyone; we need to
get out of here, right now!
Okay. Here I go!
[struggling grunts]
[falling yell]
[concerned chirps]
This isn't working!
Dai: Let's go, Gomechan!
Popp: [nervous yell]
Maybe, five Dragons
is a... little much...
Okay. In that case!
Popp: Let me show you
how fast I've learned...
to flee from my battles!
Okay - follow me!
[screaming]
Leona: Hurry! Hurry and run!
[fleeing cries]
Girl: [terrified scream]
Mommy!
Mommy? Mommy!
Wait, Merle!
Where are you going?
Merle: I have to
help those people.
Don't be a fool!
What on earth can
simple Seers like us do?
We have to run.
Merle: Seers... That's right.
We knew when to run because
we could foresee that
the Dark Army was coming.
We've survived by
moving from town to town.
But... I've had enough!
I'm tired of running away,
knowing that so many of
these people will be hurt
or even killed!
Nabara: Merle, wait! Merle!
Foolish child.
Mommy! Mommy!
Please, help my mommy!
We need to move this rock.
Dai: Wave Slash!
Narrator: As the army of dragons
continues its siege on Bengarna,
Dai unleashes
the power of his mark
to pierce their hides of steel.
While the Seers Nabara and
Merle watch the battle unfold,
they recognize the
mysterious crest...
But what could Nabara's
shocking revelation be?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Dragon Knight".